Link to "List of Figures" short title workaround (#1758)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/content/figures.md

For example, ``{numref}`Figure {number}: {name} <directive-fig>` `` will produce {numref}`Figure {number}: {name} <directive-fig>`.

> (figures:listoffigures)=
> ### Creating a list of figures
> If you are writing a large document such as a thesis or book, you might be looking for ways to create a "List of Figures" or "List of Tables" index in the LaTeX build output.
> For this it is often necessary to set "short titles" in the figure/table captions, which is currently not supported by the figure directive.
> 
> But there is a workaround described in [this GitHub comment](https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/issues/10540#issuecomment-1159757219).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(figures:listoffigures)=
### Create a list of figures

If you are writing a large document such as a thesis or book, it may be useful to create a [List of Figures](https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/Lists_of_tables_and_figures) or "List of Tables" index in the LaTeX build output.
This is not currently possible by default because there is not support "short titles" in the figure/table captions.
However, see [this GitHub comment](https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/issues/10540#issuecomment-1159757219) for a workaround.

```
